---
title: "Srihari K"
date: 2016-09-07 10:36
---

Worked with three product companies and a consulting company. Also had short stints of starting up and freelancing.

## Experience

### Scripbox
######  Product Engineer Feb, 2017 - present

Lead the backend team for scripbox's core services.

Onboarded a team of rails developers to react.

Switched to react from handlebars with zero impact on delivery times.

Nurtured a culture of ownership and pride.

First responder for incidents in scripbox's core services.

Provided On Call support and ensured uptime of scripbox's call center.

Rolled out rails upgrade from 4.3 to 5.1 with near zero downtime.

Built a Business Process Management software from scratch. 
Over the last one year, this software makes scripbox's processes measurable, efficient and fast. 

Built a highly concurrent Portfolio Reporting System in a short span of a month, used elixir and postgres.

Built key components for a paperless onboarding process - Reduced time to invest in a mutual fund to hours from days. 

#### Technologies used
- AWS, kubernetes, docker.
- ruby, elixir
- elasticsearch, postgres, mysql
- LaTex, Redash/Metabase

---
### Big Binary

###### Software Consultant July 2015 - Dec 2016
Worked as a Rails and React JS developer for multiple clients. Projects worked on included e-commerce systems, mobile app backends and logistics software built using rails. Also wrote few blog posts on [BigBinary Blog](https://blog.bigbinary.com)

---
### Bang The Table.

###### Software Architect Jan, 2013 - July 2015
Worked as a Rails and Javascript developer for building two products in Community Engagement.

---
###  Foradian Technologies

###### Software Engineer July, 2010 - May, 2012
Worked as a Rails and Javascript developer on Fedena, an open source school management system. Worked on building 'Sampoorna' , the school erp used by kerala government.

---
### Others

Worked with debian-ruby team to package Ruby Gems for Debian as a part of Diaspora project.

## Education

##### Lal Bahadur Sasthri College of Engineering.

###### Btech - Electronics and Communication 2006 - 2010

Conducted free software seminars and software install fests.

---
---
Email: srih4ri@gmail.com | Github: [srih4ri](https://github.com/srih4ri/) | Phone: +91 7204275616
